Update link URL for “Number” type in isNaN() doc (#8640)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/isnan/index.md

Since the very earliest versions of the `isNaN` function specification, its
behavior for non-numeric arguments has been confusing. When the argument to the

> `isNaN` function is not of type [Number](https://es5.github.io/#x8.5), the value is first coerced to a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`isNaN` function is not of type [Number](https://tc39.es/ecma262/multipage/ecmascript-data-types-and-values.html#sec-ecmascript-language-types-number-type), the value is first coerced to a
```
